So, here are some great companion courses that tie very nicely into this course.
The first,
Leadership and Communication Skills for Software Engineers and
I've said it many times throughout this course,
leadership and communication is very, very key for you as a manager.
Next, Project Management for Software Engineers.
You'll probably have some projects to run too as a manager or part of your team.
Best Practices for Requirements Gathering.
We know the requirements are a key element of your job and
lastly Best Practices for Project Estimation.
Making estimate, it's tough,
it's hard and there's some good templates and models
and approaches to that as well. So, so long and I'll see you in my next Pluralsight course.